docs(cache-components): clarify allow-runtime, sync-IO and instant=false, CLS fallback (#94997)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/migrating-to-cache-components.mdx

> **Good to know:** If you were using `experimental.dynamicIO` or `experimental.useCache`, `cacheComponents` replaces them. See the [version 16 upgrade guide](/docs/app/guides/upgrading/version-16#experimentaldynamicio-and-experimentalusecache).

> Before enabling the flag, remove route segment configs such as `export const dynamic`, `export const revalidate`, and `export const fetchCache` from your route segments. Under `cacheComponents`, these are no longer compatible, and pages that still export them will fail to build. The sections below cover the replacements (`cacheLife` and `'use cache'`).

Reviewer: This is already in line 21, this section is about enabling the flag.

Author: Sorry, i think something got messed up when i moved this section from a different PR. thanks!

Reviewer: No worries, it got me thinking though... cuz it is worth mentioning that using these, is a hard error once the flag is on, so you'll need to actually act on it

Reviewer: Wydt:

```suggestion
After enabling the flag, route segments that still export `dynamic`, `revalidate`, or `fetchCache` will error. Start by replacing those configs. The sections below explain what to do for each one.
```

We can be upfront, the flag activation is not compatible with these, oyu don't even need to run a build or dev, rather, go through our guidance (thinking of the LLM case)

Author: yes, nice! fixed

> Your existing `unstable_cache` calls and `fetch` cache options keep working as a separate caching layer after the flag is on. Translate them as the validation insights and errors surface each one.

Reviewer: This is in line 23 too

Author: fixed
